README.md, before:

# cdk8s-cli

### A command-line-interface for CDK for Kubernetes

**cdk8s** is a software development framework for defining Kubernetes
applications using rich object-oriented APIs. It allows developers to leverage
the full power of software in order to define abstract components called
"constructs" which compose Kubernetes resources or other constructs into
higher-level abstractions.

To install the CLI use one of the following methods:

* Homebrew: `brew install cdk8s`
* npm: `npm i -g cdk8s-cli`
* yarn: `yarn global add cdk8s-cli`

> **Note:** This repository is the command-line tool for cdk8s that is published as [`cdk8s-cli`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cdk8s-cli). For more general information about cdk8s, please see [cdk8s.io](https://cdk8s.io), or visit the umbrella repository located at [cdk8s-team/cdk8s](https://github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s).

## Documentation

See [cdk8s.io](https://cdk8s.io).

## License

This project is distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](./LICENSE).

This module is part of the [cdk8s project](https://github.com/awslabs/cdk8s).

Commit message:

feat: warning on v1 end-of-life (#2710)

README.md, after:

# cdk8s-cli

> ⚠️ Version 1.x of the cdk8s toolchain is deprecated and will become end-of-life on 01/01/25.
> **[We strongly recommend migrating to `2.x`](https://cdk8s.io/docs/latest/migrating-from-1.x/)**

### A command-line-interface for CDK for Kubernetes

**cdk8s** is a software development framework for defining Kubernetes
applications using rich object-oriented APIs. It allows developers to leverage
the full power of software in order to define abstract components called
"constructs" which compose Kubernetes resources or other constructs into
higher-level abstractions.

To install the CLI use one of the following methods:

* Homebrew: `brew install cdk8s`
* npm: `npm i -g cdk8s-cli`
* yarn: `yarn global add cdk8s-cli`

> **Note:** This repository is the command-line tool for cdk8s that is published as [`cdk8s-cli`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cdk8s-cli). For more general information about cdk8s, please see [cdk8s.io](https://cdk8s.io), or visit the umbrella repository located at [cdk8s-team/cdk8s](https://github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s).

## Documentation

See [cdk8s.io](https://cdk8s.io).

## License

This project is distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](./LICENSE).

This module is part of the [cdk8s project](https://github.com/awslabs/cdk8s).
